Final tweaks (#133)
greenelab/iscb-diversity-manuscript: content/40.resource-availability.md

## Resource Availability

### Lead Contact

> Further information and requests for resources and reagents should be directed to and will be fulfilled by the Lead Contact, Casey Greene (greenescientist@gmail.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Further information and requests for resources and reagents should be directed to and will be fulfilled by the Lead Contact, Casey Greene (casey.s.greene@cuanschutz.edu).
```
To comply with public records / FOIA requirements as a state employee I now use Anschutz for work-related emails 😁
